Hello everyone and welcome back.
We've reached the end of each tim level too.
So we'll have an assessment for this assessment.
You're just going to be recreating the front end of a basic sign up page for some sort of online course
web site.
So check out the file HVM at level 2 assessment reached him.
I'll just copy the full file path and put it into your browser.
Try not to actually look at the HVM L.
And let's explore before you begin.
Because that's what you're going to be recreating for your assessment.
All right so here we have the file and I assume that the bits we can see it clearly we have a heading
here.
Course sign a page and then it also says please know first thing last name pass from an email are required
to you're going to make sure that those fields are have some sort of way of being required when you
click submit.
Review the lectures.
If you don't remember how to do that.
And notice that this first name last name and email also have some placeholder so I see something here
that says first name and I type and it goes away.
And then we also password make sure that if you type something in the password it's hidden from view
that we say are you over the age of 18 and we have two radio buttons.
Note that as I click yes and no it changes so that means they are linked somehow.
And then finally we have this do you have a credit card or PayPal.
And we have a dropdown menu that says either choose credit card or PayPal.
Another way you could have interpreted this question is do you have a credit card or PayPal.
Yes or no.
Really.
I just care that you remember how to do a dropdown menu and then click sign up and basically.
Well I need to fill this out.
So let's do that at gmail dot com.
Some password Sign-Up and nothing should happen it just basically refreshes.
In my case the non zoomed in version but you can see appear in the URL that this has changed.
All right.
As a bonus if you feel that this is pretty easy what I want you to do is see if you can select an action
to actually connect this form to some other HVM l page that you've written maybe a thank you page.
So when you click sign up see if you can link it to a thank you page as a bonus for an action.
All right.
Best of luck and I will see you at the next lecture or we actually code through this.